Release/243.0.0 (#4908)
MetaMask/core: packages/signature-controller/CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

## [22.0.0]

### Added

> - Add isDecodeSignatureRequestEnabled to SignatureController constructor to be able to check if decoding api should be invoked for the signature ([#4903](https://github.com/MetaMask/core/pull/4903))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add `isDecodeSignatureRequestEnabled` constructor callback to determine if decoding API should be used ([#4903](https://github.com/MetaMask/core/pull/4903))
```

> - Add isDecodeSignatureRequestEnabled to SignatureController constructor to be able to check if decoding api should be invoked for the signature ([#4903](https://github.com/MetaMask/core/pull/4903))

Reviewer: Should we also mention the `decodingApiUrl` property?

> - Integrating signature decoding api ([#4855](https://github.com/MetaMask/core/pull/4855))

Reviewer: This is implied by the other entries, but we can add more detail in a nested bullet point under one of the others?

Author: This is not clear to me, so we keep only 1 entry here ?

Reviewer: I'm suggesting we have two entries as it spans two PRs, but keep them focused on the API changes.

```
- Add `isDecodeSignatureRequestEnabled`...
- Add `decodingApiUrl` property to specify URL of API to provide additional decoding data.

Author: Done 👍
